DRIVERS-1899: Permit optional results for unacknowledged write concerns (#1130)
mongodb/specifications: source/crud/crud.rst

Write Results
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The acknowledged property is defined for languages/frameworks without a sufficient optional type. Hence, a driver may choose to return a optional results (e.g. ``Optional<BulkWriteResult>``) such that unacknowledged writes don't have a value and acknowledged writes do have a value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The acknowledged property is defined for languages/frameworks without a sufficient optional type. Hence, a driver may choose to return an optional result (e.g. ``Optional<BulkWriteResult>``) such that unacknowledged writes don't have a value and acknowledged writes do have a value.
```
